Hi, guys, I hope you're very
welcome to a new video in this
video and let's see how to put the block
screen lock screen hiv lg
I have searched for youtube and for
internet and found nothing that
will correctly explain how to put this
in the background I will find a
way how bad this form has is
that only serves for lg g2 with which
I'm very sorry for people who do not
have they can not do this
process
simply what we would need would be
something that already mentioned in a video
earlier we would be talking about a
module x for being called axis 2 world box
would be that there is and has been the module
with which we have spoken previously
just select it and restart
once they have done it they go to
section of your settings and go where you put
Lock screen lock setting
they will do those seem different
options and we will give the fund
lock screen once there where
it puts enable the flex theme would be
all this is enabled you
it is enabled by the top part of
below is not obligatory suppose adding
an option to the screen settings of
blockage to enable the subject of law or
be the lg flare just go after
to screen settings and blocking
screen
and this puts an option that would
hide or provide auxiliary screen
lock pre or use flex themes like
target paper of treats you give it a
Once they have done it, they leave for
back and they lock the device and what
they unlock again and as you see
they have
screen lock a moment when what
you are watching
so you can see it better
and would have in the screen block and
you know that for the part above
it would be the icon and from the bottom
the water
and so can some
how many times since they have and without doubt this
I really like what I was trying to do
search by various options and we have not
found nothing and so it is
living here because we would have the
Famous screen lock
device the lg reflex
Well, I hope you liked the
today's video that in English and that is
subscribe also leave a comment and
as similar thing is fantastic what
who writes and follow me on twitter and
facebook I will not leave the link of this
module in the description since the video
previous in the review of the said module
this with which leave the link of the other
video in the discussion so that you go to
see another video if it is what you want
and go to the description where he puts the
download link and download it
It should be noted that to do this
it requires to be root user chau see you
in the next
goodbye